#labels Featured
=Release Notes=

----
== Version 3.1.0 (08-10-2012) ==
  # Ability to order the cache advice (issue 11).
  # Instead of default toString() use @CacheKeyMethod from superclass (issue 8).
  # Update spymemcached to version 2.8.4 and deploy to central repository.
  # Improve quality of SSM using Continuous Integration [https://ragnor.ci.cloudbees.com/ Jenkins at CloudBees].
  # Maven plugin to run embedded memcached (jmemcached) in integration tests on Jenkins. 

<br/>

== Version 3.0.2 (07-08-2012) ==
  # CacheFactory should be a DisposableBean to permit server shutdown (issue 6).

<br/>

== Version 3.0.1 (31-07-2012) ==
  # Remove log4j.property from simple-spring-memcached modue (issue 5).

<br/>

== Version 3.0.0 (25-07-2012) ==
  # Support a Spring 3.1 [http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/3.1.x/javadoc-api/org/springframework/cache/Cache.html Cache] / [http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/3.1.x/javadoc-api/org/springframework/cache/CacheManager.html CacheManager] implementation (issue 3).
  # Providers (spymemcached and xmemcached) in separated modules (issue 2).
  # Sample project [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fspring-cache-integration-test spring-cache-integration-test] that shows how to use SSM as a Spring Cache backend.
  # [Getting_Started#Custom_expiration_time Per method expiration time] while using SSM as a backend for Spring 3.1 Cache.
  # Custom default transcoder.
  # Rewrite serialization logic, for each type: java, json or custom serialization can be used.
  # In case of json serialization store information about serialized type.
  # Remove dependency to external maven repositories, deploy spymemcached to central maven repo.

<br/>

== Version 2.0.0 (16-04-2012) ==
  # Cache key can be generated using several input method's parameters.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/wiki/Getting_Started#Counter_Annotations Counters support]: increment, decrement, update (overwrite) and read.
  # Inline parameter annotation, rather than an integer _keyIndex_, to identify the object that will provide the key.
  # Support different memcached clients: [http://code.google.com/p/spymemcached/ spymemcached] and [http://code.google.com/p/xmemcached/ xmemcached].
  # [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/wiki/UserGuide#Runtime_node_switching Runtime memcached node switching]. IPs of memcached servers can be modified in the fly without redeploying application.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/wiki/UserGuide#Serialization Object can be serialized to json], pluggable json transcoders mechanism configurable per class.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/wiki/UserGuide#Cache_zone Cache zones] - instead of one global cache many caches using different providers, servers and configuration can be defined.
  # Integration with Spring 3.
  # Order of missed keys are the same as order of input arguments in intercepted method. 
  # Extend [https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/ReadThroughMultiCache.html ReadThroughMultiCache] with options to:
    * generate cache key from result, objects from result will be added to cache not by concatenating method arguments but invoking  [https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/CacheKeyMethod.html CacheKeyMethod] on each object in result list
    * skip null values in result
    * add null values to cache under keys that don't occurred in result list.
  # Extend [https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/UpdateMultiCache.html UpdateMultiCache] with options to:
    * add null values to cache under keys ([https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/ParameterValueKeyProvider.html @ParameterValueKeyProvider] + [https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/ReturnValueKeyProvider.html @ReturnValueKeyProvider]) \ ([https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/ParameterDataUpdateContent.html @ParameterDataUpdateContent] + [https://simple-spring-memcached.googlecode.com/svn/docs/2.0.0/apidocs/com/google/code/ssm/api/ReturnDataUpdateContent.html @ReturnDataUpdateContent]).
  # [http://code.google.com/p/simple-spring-memcached/wiki/UserGuide#Disabling_cache Cache Disabling].